Looks like it came to Bangalore last week.
Yes, I was in Bangalore last week. Yeah,
I saw, saw your, uh, post, so I just throw you a bang.
We're doing some runs. It's my friends in Bangalore.
I saw, I saw that Post You star,
you doing some within the Euro Info campus, is
It? Yeah, I was in
the info campus. Yeah.
So you came only for the run or the
No, no, no, no, no. There are
some, uh, client S and all.
Okay. I just did that as well.
How many days? Two days. Huh?
Three days I was there. No,
Sunday came till Wednesday. I was there. Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I was the deep planning assignments going on.
Yeah. To task. But it also,
that was all this week I was in, I was doing the rl.
Oh, okay. Last week I was completely only reading the
deep learning the Oh, okay.
Okay. So not yet done. You done it?
Uh, just started, just started reading the
Data. Just started
now. Yeah.
Where is the time where, I dunno to take the paper.
This, uh, this uh, deep learning, uh, thing.
They have not extended the date yet, right? No,
No. They'll extend it.
They'll do, yeah. Yeah,
because, uh, when I gave, wrote a mail, uh, sir, instructed,
uh, the TA to extend, uh, 22nd next week.
Next week. Monday. Yeah,
Next week Monday. MCL
Sun. No, no, next week. Sunday.
Sorry. Sunday
25th. 25th.
Yeah. Correct.
So I don't know why there, she, she's not extended.
I mail her twice also.
She told I will extend, I will extend, but still not.
No, actually she said in one of the calls
that she'll do it in the last day.
Why to do that? Yeah. Is extended, dunno
The logic, but she said she'll do it.
Exactly. Exactly. So today also they
confirmed right that they'll do it. So it's okay.
Correct. See,
FUS is completely lost somewhere
And, and this UI issue, I'm still there.
Told me the morning that it's, uh, for her it is fault,
but I still see it.
Is there that, uh, UI issue, right?
In the outstanding dashboard?
Yeah. I the about it,
I think it's a system change. I just ignored
They are upgraded. The
system actually upgraded.
So all the live engine are showing up.
What you do if you don't want there to see
that click on each link, it'll go off.
Yeah. See, I think see for the next batch, right,
they are making it like they can do the, uh,
they can watch the video till the next day
and it will be still considered as like attended the class.
Right? Right. Correct. Correct.
So for that, they've done some system change,
so it becomes a set due for everyone
and then once you watch the video
it'll become like completed.
But I think our batch folks don't have worry about it.
No. Because of that, even we are not able
to download the P PPS also.
Yeah, yeah. Are you,
Are we submitting that reinforcement learning in notebook?
Uh, when submitting the assignment
Pdf? Yeah, you just need
to convert it to pdf DF pdf. Yeah.
Convert it into PDF DF and upload it.
Okay. Okay. The notebook into A PDF, right? Yes,
Yes, yes. Just
Click on print and that's
What, what can you probably can do is convert your, uh,
notebook into Latinx format and put it into
and download as pdf f That's the easiest way to do it.
Or we can do the print version. No,
Like yeah, you can do print but print,
the problem is you won't get it in proper
format. That's the only
Issue with the print.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
I think other than pdf f uh, it won't accept, uh, the doc.
Yes, yes, yes. No, they only accept accepted as a doc.
PDF, they're accepting images, they're accepting themselves.
So you all submit for, for AI lab,
you all submit I Python notebook only, right?
Yes, yes, yes. Okay. Okay. For AI lab is Python notebook.
Okay.
Now, if you've really done the code, well you want that
to be read properly.
Follow what Han said.
If you want not read it, well then just print it as P
So You decide what works well.
Hey, good afternoon. Oh my God. Then I did a mistake.
Is it doing Hello sir.
Good afternoon. Hi sir. Good afternoon sir.
Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon.
The 31 people have joined. Yes sir. Start.
Okay, so I don't check
who are the I joined.
Okay, so today's content is not going to be long.
I'll finish class early.
We are ending stage of that deep Q learning.
So only thing is that today I will revise it
what has happened because some next class on
what we'll be getting into policy gradient.
Okay, so today I'm not going
to teach you anything on uh, programming side.
Let me open the whiteboard. Okay.
I have not shared the screen, I think.
Okay. So
this is just a revision today class I will finishing up
about half an hour, not more than that.
So we have learned Q learning in the unit tool
that is basically called model three.
So under model three,
that means we don't have any knowledge about the transition
probability of the environment.
For that we have Q learning,
TD learning monte and all, everything on there.
But Q learning is a main focus.
So this Monte law, TD learning,
these two methods are basically value
based method.
Value based method means it'll help you to find out the
val utility value for remaining in a particular state.
It'll not give you directly the knowledge about
what is the optimal action that you want to take.
If you want to find out the optimal action,
that is called action value.
So this big is state value and
or Q function.
Basically state action.
This is the only method used for,
it's called action value function action
value function action
value method.
So under this method we have,
this is our equation for finding the new
Q value for the same state of ace.
And so let me,
let me give today's date.
What is today's date is 17th.
17th January 26th.
Okay, so we have Q new for the same state
of SK and AKA is the action
and the K state, this is the new estimate,
which is coming from the old estimate of Q, old
SK a k plus a learning rate
and you have a billman error that is basically
you take one single action.
So you're going to next date for that.
You have a reward here.
So just reward plus gamma is a discount factor multiplied by
your queue function
for the next state
because you have taken a transition.
So you're getting into next state escape plus one,
and under escape plus one, you have many
action possible here.
So I'm writing it here.
A dash, okay, you have many action possible here, a dash.
So out of all these action take the maximum.
So you are taking a maximum for all the A Ds.
Okay, this minus of your old estimate.
Your old estimate is this
SK comma a key.
Then this big bracket is closing over here.
This is basically third bracket I'm putting right now here.
Look at, I have not put new
or old anything here in this queue function.
So whenever we are updating the old estimate,
we are finding a billman error.
With that billman error we are updating the old estimate.
As a result, we're getting here a new estimate.
So here this Q function, this will be also a
old estimate that you are using fine.
So that is basically the traditional knowledge of uh,
Q learning if you want to solve this problem.
Uh, this Q learning using
deep neural network.
In that case we have
in that case what we do
in the last two classes, the three classes we have seen,
what we are doing, we taking the help of two neural network.
One, one neural network is called the policy neural network.
Another neural network is called
that target neural network, right?
So this uh, reward uh, plus of GA of this thing.
This part we are considering to be our target.
This is called target. This is called your old estimate.
So if you have any error from the target
to your current estimate, okay, that much tar uh,
difference is your uh, difference
between the target and the current estimate.
That is a quantity
by which you're adjusting your old estimate every time.
Okay? So we are going to take help of the neur network.
So in that case the we are going
to use a replay
What is a replay memory? It is basically
collection is a collection of
previous experience.
Okay, this previous
exp, what is the meaning of experience?
Experience contents. It is a topple.
That is a current state action.
Next date reward.
And whether the state is a terminal
or non terminal means you can keep alive in that state.
If you are ing a terminal state,
your game is already already start you distance.
So it is call a terminal state or not.
So the flag is basically done. The flag is done.
That means you are reaching a AL state.
So this is where basically your experience
tappel with this experience.
Tappel you are basically collecting
and then you are storing that to form a large amount
of memory like around thousand thousand.
Number of experience tappel storing out of them.
You are randomly collecting a batch sample.
Batch is basically consisting of like 32 example
or 64 example like that.
So you're collecting a batch out of this
from the total memory size is thousand.
That batch you are going to use
to train your policy network.
Okay, so down we are writing the steps
algorithmic manner.
So first is you initialize,
first step
initialize your policy,
neural network random initialize.
Okay? Second one is you copy
target neural network
from basically assigning the weight
of policy neural network to your target.
Okay? So basically is copy operation, copy
this from policy NN.
Third one is you
take a random action from
Sal beauty strategy method.
SAL method, you already know you just do a coin tossing.
With the coin tossing result is producing a higher value.
Uh, basically you have a sal value if is set to be one.
Then you generate a random number.
The random number of hello is bigger than the sal.
Then you go ahead
to train from your previously trained neural network.
Otherwise you go ahead and do your random action.
So it is basically your select action using,
so select
action
using if silent grid.
I'm writing if silent grid strategy.
So this will help you to find out
whether you are doing a random action
or you are exploiting the previous action.
So from here you are setting a action A,
this is the action A that you are setting.
This will be doing it inside a loop, okay?
It is 3, 4, 5 step, all this thing.
So we'll write a loop over here later after that.
So whenever we write a loop, basically we have
number of episode.
So there is a two loop.
One is a outer loop for number
of episode under each episode, you then I it over
all possible states until you hit the terminal state.
Okay? So we have to write here two loops.
One is the
four, it is hash.
Hash means number of
episode, okay?
You take action and then
You Now this fall loop is
Uh, not hitting.
I mean the condition for not hitting
the hash will not be there not hitting down state.
As long as you are inside a non terminal state.
You keep on doing this, okay?
For not hitting the dance date.
What you do after you've taken the action,
then you'll collect this experience double that is state
action, next date reward and the dance date.
This thing you keep
on appending.
So I'm not in plus, plus plus means this
simply keep on appending.
This is called memory. You keep on appending, okay?
And after the memory is quite high,
then only you can take a sample from here.
So then you go ahead and face random sample.
So for that you have to run it within a fall loop
of batch size.
Inside this batch size.
Now we are going to train your policy network
or
when you're taking the batch size from there onward,
you are going to do this Q function update.
Basically q functional.
Basically you are learning over Q4 policy network.
This policy network will be trained
as per the billman update rule of
that I have shown you last time.
Okay? So you are taking the sample batch size sample,
use them to train your policy network.
And that network update rule is given over here
is the network update rule.
Okay? Once the sufficient number of,
so batch size still is done if,
if
positive reward
obtained.
If you have not got the positive reward, basically
that means you have not got
to the last stage, I mean last date.
Because for intermediate state transition,
we don't receive any reward.
Most of the cases, yes, positive reward obtained
or suppose you have already receive positive reward multiple
times or there is a counter
that is called count is greater
than let's say the fixed value to be a hundred.
That means a hundred times you have gone over
this whole thing.
In that case, you can now take a call off
setting the target
neural network weight to be assigned from
policy neural network weight.
Okay? After that, this loop will go on her,
this loop will go on her for your
number of episode here, okay?
This is the looping mechanism.
Now where is the target network and policy network?
Basically your target network is
basically this part.
This part is a target network.
So what we're doing is basically we have two different ways
of neural network first weight.
So when we're, uh, let me write that in there.
So this is the looping part is over the logical parties.
This is over now, okay, this part is over end.
These two loops, two times the, what is the number
of state condition.
And here the number episode is over.
The problem is will be ending here. Okay?
So what I'm now trying to say is the difference
between target and policy development
for every gradient decent learning.
So we, we come up with a error function.
Error function is basically your
YI minus of your Y hat.
This is what we do for every time I to one,
two, any number of samples you have, you have already you,
you have been already provided with the output value.
For every sample I sample, you are going
to find out some kind of neural network
for which you are having a prediction of the Y
that is called yha.
So this prediction and the real value
to be minimized over a training period.
So this is the, this is called means square error
in our case of q learning the means square error is
basically this will be
what is your Y hat?
This is basically era term term. What is the error term?
What is the error term in our q learning
output versus, uh, expected.
So that bracket, yes you are right, that bracket part,
the bracket part alone.
In the bracket part what we have reward plus gamma
multiplied by max
for action.
QSA dash,
this is gamma, okay?
This is gamma, this is reward, this
minus of
QSA.
This QSA is our objective to learn, okay?
This take whole square
and this submission is taken over for all possible A
and a.
So this submission instead of one sample,
one sample here in this case of reinforcement learning is
for each state you are going to take a number of, uh, number
of action that is out of four action,
which action are taking.
Every time you take a change of your state, you are going
to take any action outta four action.
So this sum is going to happen overall action
and all state, okay?
In short, we are writing, this is the expectation over a
a and in the next state that you're arriving, this one, uh,
is basically a dash, okay?
The next state is a dash.
So out of all these three variable, the expectation,
expectation means this submission, okay?
This is going to happening over four.
The three, three submission, some of state, some
of action, some of next state.
It's quite complicated thing for you.
It is not going to be easy to understand.
So for every error case,
so our error function, we write it as a J function.
J is basically parameter of a A
is dash, okay?
And if you consider this reward is also a variable, in
that case, this will become a function of four variable.
I'm not writing that. Reward is a variable.
We are considering reward is a constant, okay?
There are, there is a, um,
method in which reinforc learning is called
variable reward reinforcement learning.
VRRL. So this is basically expectation
over is A is dash
for this whole term reward plus gamma multiplied by this
E dash U is dash a dash
minus of QS comma A.
This whole square for every uh,
neural network, we are updating our weight
by the previous weight, right?
This is basically your weight of the neural network
and the iation T plus one.
This is the weight of the neuro T, this minus of
derivative with respect to theta for this J function.
Okay? So this thing, you want to take a derivative, it means
that it'll become this minus, this derivative is going
to be for this.
Look at this, uh, the
queue function is parameterized as a neural network.
Now. So this neural network has always set
of weight called denoted by theta.
So you have to take a derivative with respect to here
delta q delta theta will come again here,
delta q delta theta will come.
In that case, it is going to be a indeterminate problem
to avoid that in case of um,
usage of neural network.
Neural network is a supervised learning technique.
Most of the cases, in that case, we assume that the Y
value is a constant
and why that is the output of a neural network
that you're predicting.
So we have to think that this is a constant so that only
if we take this constant,
then only we can apply this gradient faster derivative.
To make this constant. We keep this as a target.
NN. This network is
called a target and N.
So then onward
to make the engineering possible.
Mathematically, whatever we are doing is a
approximation, okay?
So we concept this a target network.
So for that case, so this is an impossible thing
to do by mathematics.
This part is an impossible thing.
So engineering approximation is think
that this is a constant.
So then this will become,
this derivative will become this part.
This derivative will become one time of this
word plus gamal multipli
maximization over a dash.
This this thing,
we write this as this network
is a network denoted by the weight of five.
Okay? Then this is separate
email network minus QW.
This is separate. This is called policy network.
This is called policy network. Okay?
This QWSA, this is one time then
derivative of with respect to W
because this we are thinking to a constant.
This of QWSA.
So this will boil down, this part will boil down
to this much and for the approximation, we are getting lead
of this expectation operated.
Expectation means we have to take summation
for this, this, this.
That is not going to be possible
because we don't have all possible knowledge of next date.
Okay? So what we are doing, we're taking only one action,
random one action.
We are getting into a any possible next
state from the next state.
We're assuming that that next state will have a better
knowledge about the world.
So we're taking one example, only one sample.
We're not taking multiple sample.
The moment we apply expectation of we need to have
multiple samples availability, that is not available.
So we are letting this go off.
As a result, this is not a equal. This is somewhat near.
So it is a approximation operator.
This we're taking one time,
we don't have any expectation operated here.
Okay? So now this weight
is happening for this setting.
Now this WT plus one
is the weight and the at t plus one will be updated by
is any erase arrow here.
So this symbol I'm just writing,
let me write it separately.
That is the approxi
WT plus one is set out from
the eighth time weight
minus of this thing
is basically this part.
Okay? So here you have
reward plus gamma maximization over
a dash Q five.
Considering this target is separating this a dash minus
QWS one A multiplied by
derivative for that policy network.
So we are updating only policy network weight, okay?
After a sufficient amount of update is over, then we go back
to this step.
After a sufficient amount of update is over,
then we look at this condition,
whether we have encountered positive reward
or count has number
of time update has gone more than a hundred.
Then we apply this technique.
Target network weight will be copied from the weight
of the policy network.
So after that, this will go
on inside.
Day four
count is less than a hundred.
You can change this power to one 50 to 100.
Anything that is some expert in
after that is over, then you make this Q five,
it'll be set from QFW, right?
Then you go back to the loop again, get a new sample.
Get a new sample by using excelon grad strategy.
That sample will help you to formulate again,
a deploy memory multiple time you do that state action,
state action reward thing.
After that, all those memo replay memory
that you have made out from there, take a batch of 32,
you train your, uh, target you
to train your policy network, okay?
And after a sufficient amount is standing lower.
So when you are doing sufficient amount
of training for a W, right?
You have to make use of Q five function, Q five function
for the isde and a desk.
So this Q five function is having the old weight
coming from the QW.
So this will return the q hello function for the state
of isde and a DS pair.
All those old hell will be used here to take a difference
with the current value
that are getting from the policy network.
So in other way, this stores here past experience,
this Q five stores your past experience,
it may be higher than the uh, new help that you're getting.
It may be lower than the new helu.
So you'll have a lot of
jump unlike you have seen in case of your, uh, model based
where your health function is keep on rising in this cases
and all, it'll be up and down, up and down like that.
Okay? So that's all I had
to complete this Q part Q learning part, deep Q learning.
If you have any question, you can ask me.
Excuse me, sir. Sir, uh,
can you go a little bit upward?
So one, no sir, this the target neural network, right?
Target, uh,
policy is changing, right?
So how can we, uh, change the policy with respect to target?
The Y is accurate one, right? Accurate output, right?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So if that is the case, then uh,
it should be fixed, right?
Then if it is policy, then it keeps on wearing
that part is a little bit difficult to convince.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, your question is very valid Question
as I told of reinforcement learning.
Reinforcement learning is not a supervised learning.
It does not assume that availability of the data
or level data, forget about level data.
It does not assume that the data is available to you.
It goes and explore the world to collect data, okay?
So the gathering of data, making dataset,
all those things can be done by the enforcement learning.
Just like a, uh, when a child is trying
to learn how to walk, he does not go
and make the walk attempt in the beginning,
the child will first crawl, even
before crawling child will first try to grab a object
by his own hand and he will try
to grab the object fully in his hand.
When he can grab it, he gets a good feeling among himself.
Okay? So like this, YI as in case of,
in case of your supervised learning,
YI is already given to you.
It is already given to you, okay?
In our case, Audi enforcement learning
YI is not given to you.
So what we do to make this Grady, to make this derivative
to happen, we need to make this part to be a fixed part,
Okay? That is
a compulsion for the mathematical derivation.
That compulsion is not
because your dataset is a fixed, in case of deep learning,
your data set is fixed.
You are trying to learn the pattern involving the
dataset, okay?
Okay. Here in this case, data set is not fixed.
So what we do is we try to take help
of our previous experience.
So just like that, you are learning a new thing.
Let's say after 10th, you are getting into 11th
and you are going to learn calculus quite a new thing.
At that point of time, what do you do?
You go and take a lot of trial on your own.
After you learn from your teacher, then you go
and do a lot of exercise.
Some exercise will give you a good feeling,
some will give you a bad feeling, nothing like it is correct
or wrong, okay?
Mm-hmm. So you are going to store all of your good
and bad experience to your memory,
and now when new problem comes in, you try to take a very,
uh, little step on your own to solve a problem.
All of the problem that you're solving in mathematics world,
the first tip for solving the problem need not be
al, okay?
After two steps, the mathematical problem
reduce you choose some kind of solution, okay?
After, if you try to solve a critical math problem,
reasoning problem first two steps,
and most important for two or three steps, okay?
After that, then you have previous knowledge of how
to now you're into a known world,
then you can reuse your previous experience.
So that is the main philosophical, uh, relation
by which reinforcement learning is taking help of that.
So why I is not a constant,
it is a natural phenomena for reinforcement learning,
but for the purpose of making mathematics possible,
for doing ation, this part has to be a con
constant part, okay?
That is why we go ahead
and make this fix with the target network.
Although the value that is coming up from the target network
may not be a correct value
because this target network is formed from
the previous experience.
That is also under learning mechanism.
That is why I wanted, instead
of showing everything in program, it is not going
to be helpful because we are not going to learn.
Um, you're not going to write program on yourself,
so you'll not spend, uh, your own, uh, hormone
to make the learning happen within your own brain.
I'm only feeding, so that's why I wanted
to show you from this mathematics, okay?
And this is how actually naturally, uh, people,
I mean a human being try to learn in this way,
Okay? And that is
why reinforcement learning is not machine
learning is not like machine learning, okay?
And reinforcement learning is the backbone of ai.
The science behind AI is coming through the path
of reinforcement learning.
Although you'll be using AI
as a black box tool in your company
or in inside your academics.
Also, most of the cases I see all the academicians,
they're using AI as a black box tool.
They use some kind of hugging face liability,
write some import command, get through the leisure.
That is something not a
logical minded people
do. Okay?
So here the weight doesn't change
because the derivative is zero, sir.
Uh, T
Doesn't Tt t plus one equal to T 30 T, right?
And then you said the, which, the, the third,
third line from bottom, right?
So the way you are calculating threet third
Line from bottom, this line you're talking
Yeah, yeah.
TT plus one
Here. This part, nothing is
the because No,
No, no. The one I was there
actually like, yeah.
So you said, you said the J is constant and uh,
No, J is not constant.
J as I told you here, go back here. J is the error function.
It is a expectation operator for this quantity, okay?
And if we see this, we are going
to update the Q network, okay?
Yeah. Now, if we don't separate this
and this as separate variable, we'll not be able
to make the derivative happening
because this derivative is happening over the
network weight of queue.
So we need to make this separate two thing, Okay?
So for making that separate, we treat the late this two VA
constant for some amount of time.
After that, again, we'll go ahead
and fill up our experience.
That is replay memorial with the
random set of expense that we're getting.
So let us keep this constant
because of mathematical tractability, okay?
So what we do is we make, we also make a approximation
that expectation should not be considered.
Just take only one sample, only one sample.
This is one sample. If you have multiple A Ds,
multiple a Ds multiple A, multiple A, then you take all
of them submission divide by all of the quantities,
like total number of states, total number action.
Then it becomes a,
so we don't have any knowledge about all
possible next date and all.
So we get rid of this expectation operator,
we take only one sample.
So this one sample update,
however, we have a batch of sample coming up.
So then for every sample we take this update, go on.
That is why machine learning
and this gradient cent based learning, you require a lot
of samples because every sample is not a representative
of your average behavior,
Right? Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Any more question? We are 45 time.
Now I
total half an hour.
So next class, an hour we'll see policy gradient.
That will be much more harder.
Mathematical parts are there.
You want this uh, whiteboard thing?
Yes sir. Yes sir.
So let me just download
and give it to you right now how
to share it.
Let me send it now itself.
So when, what is that called?
Uh, Saturdays very active for you, right?
Yes. Right from morning nine o'clock till, uh,
evening nine 15, sir.
Oh, that's why Saturday I will take lesser amount of thing.
Thank you, sir. Because this course itself, a lot of
hurdle things are there.
Sir, if you could send,
because now we've finished some chapters,
if you could send us mo some mock assignment exams
because we mentioned this earlier as well.
Okay? You want to see mock question?
Yes, sir. Because of all the course,
because we have to understand what kind of questions come.
Okay? Actually for your course,
the question level will be somewhat different than my BTech.
I have not make the, so
Give a BTech first so that we know we get
Primed. I'll give
you my example from my BTech course.
Yes, sir. But we won clear the BTech also
give that release now.
No, no course exam questions are d
difficult, that's why I'm telling.
Oh, difficult. There. That's what, and
No issues, not record.
Give only questions.
This is sounding like an oxymoron.
What is the meaning of oxygen? I'm not sure.
Let me show you the,
So final exam is theoretical, right?
Like pen and paper and not m cqs, right?
Yeah. Your question pattern is basically five.
Question one, mark 10, question two, mark
one question five, mark,
you are going to break our hands in writing, sir,
If we know what to write, okay, look at the questions.
Look at that paper.
Here is a sample question from your BTech level.
This is the November month I have taken back email.
Sir, can you please share this with us?
Uh, you'll do one thing,
but your question level will be
lesser difficulty level than this.
Okay? Okay. Let me download.
And you want this to be shared? Yes, sir.
You can take a screenshot. You just take a screenshot. Okay.
You can share it in our chat, sir.
So we can complete or just
Put it in presentation mode.
You can take a screenshot, sir. Everybody,
You take a screenshot because that sharing is
not an ethical thing.
So you can put it in the presentation mode
so we can have the company ah, yeah, yeah.
I'm downloading it.
So you can see better form.
Yes sir. Can you do more? Mm-hmm.
Zoom out so that we can take all in one page. Yeah,
One page. All in one page.
Yeah. Just scroll up sir. Crawling up. Yeah.
Yeah, that's tough.
I like this kind of question. Become, okay,
you are going to have one five mark.
Question 10, two marks question
and one, uh, mean one mark question five times.
So five plus 20, 25 plus
5 30, 30
Is one mark and two monks will be just like two,
three sentences, right?
Mm-hmm. Yes, yes. Okay. 30
Is suffering. We are also
suffering, sir. Hmm? What is a dilemma?
Every al algorithm is suffering. We are also suffering.
Ah, yes. Yes
Sir. Three marks and all.
How much answers do you expect, sir?
Be a will not be there before you.
Okay. Okay. Only for BTech level.
I had for BTech.
For BTech. I wanted students to scratch their head.
That's fine. So five max question.
How many were we out of? Four.
Outta three or four, you'll get, uh,
I mean you have to answer only one.
Okay. I think out of three I'll be providing.
So we get option
To choose the question, right?
Sir?
For two marks question, no option.
You have 10 question you have to answer 10 question.
Okay. For five,
for one more question, I have no option.
You have five question.
You have to answer five question from that.
So is it 400 marks or 50 marks?
30 marks. I think 30. Okay, sir.
So this five marks will be of some, uh, proof we to solve
or something like what will be the pattern of this?
Five more question, sir?
Um, yeah, some kind of logical proof will be there.
You may not, okay. Uh, not, uh, you may not be able
to write the full mathematics,
but yeah, logical, logical, uh, step by step things,
Okay? Not like solving
this frozen
lake problem or something like that. No,
Sir. No, no, not, not,
no,
Not okay sir. Okay, sir.
I
Just don't give ideas to that.
Okay?
No, no, I'm not done giving ideas.
I'm just preempting should not be a bouncer on the last day.
That's why.
Excuse me, sir. By the way, uh, sir,
are there any te dates for nem?
No, I have no idea about it.
Uh, excuse me, sir. Mm, sir.
I have a doubt actually. Uh, based on this reinforcement,
uh, learning, uh, method,
do we have any skill assessment techniques,
Real time skill assessment?
Yes. Something has, has something been developed so far?
Mm, they are, that is what the current, uh, top
companies they're trying to do, like mock into, like
whenever you go nowadays, uh, to give an interview, uh,
it'll not be taken the interview by a human being,
so it'll be taken by some system which is trained with,
uh, the previous question.
So those are there?
Yes, sir. Like, my question is, is there any libraries
of such sort in Python to do this?
Just like how we have in gym, import gym or mm-hmm.
So something like that. If we have any libraries,
and I think it would be better.
Yeah, I'm not aware of it,
but there are a lot of companies
who are developing software for that.
You can search on your own.
You can give me some of the liabilities.
If you can say, I don't have time
because my time is paid for, uh, trying
to write some research paper Hmm.
To modify this enforcement learning for some particular type
of objective algorithmically.
I don't have time for thinking about
the application and all.
If you can find the particular library from hanging
face can give it to me.
I can check and I can tell you. Yes, sir. Thank you.
Okay. So you can when up the class to then,
Sir? Uh, when is the
exam? Sorry, I joined a little late.
Um, so missed the communication. Uh, MIDEM exam.
Mid, same. We don't have midem.
I think we have NEM only. Okay,
So this question pattern is for the NEM exam? Ah,
Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay.
Okay, sir. Thank you.
Your nem pattern is basically five.
Question one, mark 10, question two,
mark one, question five, mark.
Okay, sir. Okay, Thank you.
I thought of making three question five mark,
but I thought it'll become a torture on you.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay. Thank you sir.
Sir, in the LMS in this, uh,
this forum,
Which one? What?
Showing now in the screen? No,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You take a screenshot. That's it.
I cannot share it over her.
Um, any kind of this gonna unethical practice. That's right.
Oh, no, no. I thought that it's a, uh, it's a kind
of a sample paper you are showing.
Mm. Inside.
Yeah, like this kind of question will be coming up
for your five mark question.
That's why I wanted to show you to,
Okay.
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Huh?
Yeah. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir.
What is the exam duration, sir? 90 minutes.
90 minutes, okay. And
Uh, just to confirm, this is for nem, right?
So nem exam? Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, fine. I hope all
of you're attending your quizzes properly, right?
Yes. Yes.
One quiz got missed. Actually,
there was some problem other time we even raised this thing
also, but it was not able to enable.
And then I missed that date that I was not able
to quit be a projector thing that we are not able
to log in that issue was this
Whose, which date is,
So it was quiz number. Uh, I just tell,
Oh,
It's a quiz number seven, sir.
Seven. Yes, sir.
So the plan is those who are missing the quizzes
for them will have a, um, quiz at the end
that will basically cover all topics.
And let's say some people have lost two quiz,
some people have lost three quiz,
some people have lost one quiz and all.
So I, I will have, uh, something like six marks
or nine marks quiz at the end,
and it'll be, the score will be, uh, interpolated,
let's say it is nine mark squeeze.
And you have missed only one quiz.
So one third of the marks will be taken for that.
Suppose you have mark missed two quiz.
That means six marks is missed.
So six marks will be taken from this nine mark,
squeeze that you have made it out.
Suppose you have lost three quiz,
so entire thing will be coming
to your account for that. Okay?
Yes. That will be good, sir. Thank you.
Thank you, sir. Okay, fine. Thank you.
Sir. What is the percentage of that quiz, sir?
So like, nem have 30 mark, so what is the percentage for
that quiz and quiz I,
36 months?
I think 12 quizzes are there.
Okay. Each quiz Three. Three marks.
So I think 36 percentage, 36 marks are there.
Okay. Rest 40, like 30 plus 36. 56. So Aaron, 34
That I forgot your weight was given in the beginning.
Okay. Okay. I Have forgotten that. Okay, sir.
I think. Okay. Thank you.
Yeah, thank you sir. Thank you,
Sir. Thank you, sir.
Okay, thank you. So, uh.